[EuiDescriptionListTitle] Fix compressed styles not being correctly applied (#6160)
elastic/eui: upcoming_changelogs/6160.md

**Bug fixes**

> - Updated the text size of `EuiDescriptionListTitle` to be 14px when the `EuiDescriptionList` is compressed

Reviewer: Very minor suggestion - not sure if we want to be overly specific with our changelogs

```suggestion
- Fixed the text size of `EuiDescriptionListTitle` when the `EuiDescriptionList` is compressed
```
